Update DW expression watches concept (#132)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/evaluate-dw-expressions.adoc

> = DataWeave Expression Watches

Reviewer: Are these really called "watches," as the noun, and "expression" as an adjective: an expression watch?
Maybe we want...:
```suggestion
= Set DataWeave Expression Watches
```
OR
```suggestion
= Enable Watches for DataWeave Expressions
```

Reviewer: I won't make any more edits to reword for "watch" being the adjective or verb rather than the noun, but please evaluate it based on how your audience will understand it best.

Reviewer: "Debug Your App Using DataWeave Expressions"?

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> When debugging your Mule application, you may need to evaluate a specific expression while your flow's execution is paused. You can write a DataWeave expression to evaluate or inspect any message property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When debugging your Mule application, you must sometimes evaluate a specific expression while your flow's execution is paused. You can write a DataWeave expression to evaluate or inspect any message property.
```
So, you write an expression to evaluate or inspect, and then where does "watch" come in to it?

If your expression is a declaration, the debugger returns `boolean`. Otherwise, it returns the value.
For example, you can set:

* One expression to evaluate if the method for a request is `GET`:
+
[source]
--
#[attributes.method == "GET"]
--
* And another expression to inspect the payload of the message:
+
[source]
--
#[payload]
--

The first expression returns either `true` or `false`, while the second expression displays the value of the payload at that particular breakpoint.

> You can also save these evaluations as expression watches so that the debugger displays the result of these evaluations every time the execution of your flow stops at a breakpoint.

Reviewer: So, you write an expression, the expression evaluates any message property at a breakpoint and displays it, and you can save the result as "an expression watch"?

Sorry I am so unfamiliar with this language. If your audience will not be confused by its use or already knows the definitions, ignore the edit questions. But please consider defining each term and its relation to the others:

expression
expression watch
watch
evaluation
what user does vs what debugger does
order of actions

== Evaluate a DataWeave Expression

> . After the debugger stops the execution at your breakpoint, write the Dataweave expression in the *Evaluate DataWeave Expression* view, and select *Evaluate*:

Reviewer: I thought the user wrote the expression in the expression field, per previous topic?

+
image::evaluate-dw-expression.png[]

> . The result of the evaluation displays in the *Evaluate DataWeave Expression* view.

Reviewer: This is not a step; it is plain text following the previous step and its example syntax:
```suggestion
The result of the evaluation displays in the *Evaluate DataWeave Expression* view.
```
What about the debugger view in the previous topic?

+
image::evaluation-result.png[]

You can also edit the event properties or attributes:

> . In the *Evaluate DataWeave Expression* view, right-click the property value or attribute, and select *Update value...*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Evaluate DataWeave Expression* view, right-click the property value or attribute, and select *Update value...*:
```

+
image::update-value-dw-expression.png[]
. Edit the value and select *Set*.
+
image::set-new-value-dw-expression.png[]

> == Add a DataWeave Expression Watch

Reviewer: This seems out of chronological order.
Isn't writing the expression equal to adding it?

> To instruct Studio Debugger to watch for an expression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To instruct Studio debugger to watch for an expression:
```

. In the *Evaluate DataWeave Expression* view, write your DataWeave expression, and select *Add to watch*:
+
image::add-dw-expression-watch.png[]

> . Studio displays the new expression watch in the *Mule Debugger* view:

Reviewer: Not a step:
```suggestion
Studio displays the new expression watch in the *Mule Debugger* view:
```
